index.md, before:

Hi I'm Aaron, and I like to break things for a living.

Occassionally, I'll try to put them back together to see how they work!

# Posts
Below are my posts! They are the main focus of this website. They contain
information and opinion about a particular topic, and hopefully be well curated,
revised, and updated over time.

Some posts will take the form of larger walkthrough guides that I have
created to share my experiences on a particular topic.
[ableton.md](posts/withTOCs/ableton.md)

[audio.md](posts/withTOCs/audio.md)

[automation.md](posts/withTOCs/automation.md)

[aws.md](posts/withTOCs/aws.md)

[aws_api_gateway.md](posts/withTOCs/aws_api_gateway.md)

[aws_fargate_ssh.md](posts/withTOCs/aws_fargate_ssh.md)

[aws_s3_serverlessWebsiteHosting.md](posts/withTOCs/aws_s3_serverlessWebsiteHosting.md)

[bookmarks.md](posts/withTOCs/bookmarks.md)

[chaosBox.md](posts/withTOCs/chaosBox.md)

[coliving_coworking.md](posts/withTOCs/coliving_coworking.md)

[containers.md](posts/withTOCs/containers.md)

[debugging.md](posts/withTOCs/debugging.md)

[development_bisectingBuilds.md](posts/withTOCs/development_bisectingBuilds.md)

[docker.md](posts/withTOCs/docker.md)

[favouriteAlbums.md](posts/withTOCs/favouriteAlbums.md)

[favouriteVideo.md](posts/withTOCs/favouriteVideo.md)

[fileManagers.md](posts/withTOCs/fileManagers.md)

[git-bash.md](posts/withTOCs/git-bash.md)

[githubPages.md](posts/withTOCs/githubPages.md)

[investing.md](posts/withTOCs/investing.md)

[java_instantMessagingClient.md](posts/withTOCs/java_instantMessagingClient.md)

[java_swing.md](posts/withTOCs/java_swing.md)

[jekyll.md](posts/withTOCs/jekyll.md)

[linux_backgroundingJobs.md](posts/withTOCs/linux_backgroundingJobs.md)

[linux_distros.md](posts/withTOCs/linux_distros.md)

[linux_namedPipes.md](posts/withTOCs/linux_namedPipes.md)

[mandelbrot.md](posts/withTOCs/mandelbrot.md)

[music.md](posts/withTOCs/music.md)

[onlineIDEs.md](posts/withTOCs/onlineIDEs.md)

[posting.md](posts/withTOCs/posting.md)

[purchasing.md](posts/withTOCs/purchasing.md)

[raspberryPi.md](posts/withTOCs/raspberryPi.md)

[rss.md](posts/withTOCs/rss.md)

[spreadList.md](posts/withTOCs/spreadList.md)

[steam.md](posts/withTOCs/steam.md)

[taskTracking.md](posts/withTOCs/taskTracking.md)

[template_duplicateMe.md](posts/withTOCs/template_duplicateMe.md)

[tilingWindowManagers.md](posts/withTOCs/tilingWindowManagers.md)

[tinyQuest.md](posts/withTOCs/tinyQuest.md)

[toolsIUse.md](posts/withTOCs/toolsIUse.md)

[torrents.md](posts/withTOCs/torrents.md)

[triplej.md](posts/withTOCs/triplej.md)

[uncleBob.md](posts/withTOCs/uncleBob.md)

[warcraft.md](posts/withTOCs/warcraft.md)

[webScraping.md](posts/withTOCs/webScraping.md)

[websiteHosting.md](posts/withTOCs/websiteHosting.md)

[windows_dockerAndXming.md](posts/withTOCs/windows_dockerAndXming.md)

[windows_wsl2.md](posts/withTOCs/windows_wsl2.md)

[workflows.md](posts/withTOCs/workflows.md)

# Get PDFs of all my articles
PDFs of all my articles will soon be on https://gumroad.com, using
"pay what you want" pricing.

# My vision for this site

- create value from everything I do
- expose as much of my work as I can into the public domain
- keep it simple and no fuss 
- make it presentable and shareable
- use basic markdown

# Other sites

I have a bunch of other websites that you may find interesting:

Dublin Bike travel app: [Link](http://app-bucket-dublin-bike-tinytimetable.s3-website-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/)
Dublin Bus travel app: [Link](http://app-bucket-dublin-bus-tinytimetable.s3-website-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/)

# Contact

email: aaronkelly@fastmail.com

twitter: https://twitter.com/aaronpaulkelly

bandcamp: aaronkelly.bandcamp.com

# Donate
[Paypal](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=DTJST2MAMPYQ8&currency_code=EUR&source=url)

other ways: patreon / stripe / dwolla / flattr / wepay / bitcoin (coming soon)

Commit message:

add repl.it and dublin weather

index.md, after:

Hi I'm Aaron, and I like to break things for a living.

Occassionally, I'll try to put them back together to see how they work!

# Posts
Below are my posts! They are the main focus of this website. They contain
information and opinion about a particular topic, and hopefully be well curated,
revised, and updated over time.

Some posts will take the form of larger walkthrough guides that I have
created to share my experiences on a particular topic.
[ableton.md](posts/withTOCs/ableton.md)

[audio.md](posts/withTOCs/audio.md)

[automation.md](posts/withTOCs/automation.md)

[aws.md](posts/withTOCs/aws.md)

[aws_api_gateway.md](posts/withTOCs/aws_api_gateway.md)

[aws_fargate_ssh.md](posts/withTOCs/aws_fargate_ssh.md)

[aws_s3_serverlessWebsiteHosting.md](posts/withTOCs/aws_s3_serverlessWebsiteHosting.md)

[bookmarks.md](posts/withTOCs/bookmarks.md)

[chaosBox.md](posts/withTOCs/chaosBox.md)

[coliving_coworking.md](posts/withTOCs/coliving_coworking.md)

[containers.md](posts/withTOCs/containers.md)

[debugging.md](posts/withTOCs/debugging.md)

[development_bisectingBuilds.md](posts/withTOCs/development_bisectingBuilds.md)

[docker.md](posts/withTOCs/docker.md)

[favouriteAlbums.md](posts/withTOCs/favouriteAlbums.md)

[favouriteVideo.md](posts/withTOCs/favouriteVideo.md)

[fileManagers.md](posts/withTOCs/fileManagers.md)

[git-bash.md](posts/withTOCs/git-bash.md)

[githubPages.md](posts/withTOCs/githubPages.md)

[investing.md](posts/withTOCs/investing.md)

[java_instantMessagingClient.md](posts/withTOCs/java_instantMessagingClient.md)

[java_swing.md](posts/withTOCs/java_swing.md)

[jekyll.md](posts/withTOCs/jekyll.md)

[linux_backgroundingJobs.md](posts/withTOCs/linux_backgroundingJobs.md)

[linux_distros.md](posts/withTOCs/linux_distros.md)

[linux_namedPipes.md](posts/withTOCs/linux_namedPipes.md)

[mandelbrot.md](posts/withTOCs/mandelbrot.md)

[music.md](posts/withTOCs/music.md)

[onlineIDEs.md](posts/withTOCs/onlineIDEs.md)

[posting.md](posts/withTOCs/posting.md)

[purchasing.md](posts/withTOCs/purchasing.md)

[raspberryPi.md](posts/withTOCs/raspberryPi.md)

[rss.md](posts/withTOCs/rss.md)

[spreadList.md](posts/withTOCs/spreadList.md)

[steam.md](posts/withTOCs/steam.md)

[taskTracking.md](posts/withTOCs/taskTracking.md)

[template_duplicateMe.md](posts/withTOCs/template_duplicateMe.md)

[tilingWindowManagers.md](posts/withTOCs/tilingWindowManagers.md)

[tinyQuest.md](posts/withTOCs/tinyQuest.md)

[toolsIUse.md](posts/withTOCs/toolsIUse.md)

[torrents.md](posts/withTOCs/torrents.md)

[triplej.md](posts/withTOCs/triplej.md)

[uncleBob.md](posts/withTOCs/uncleBob.md)

[warcraft.md](posts/withTOCs/warcraft.md)

[webScraping.md](posts/withTOCs/webScraping.md)

[websiteHosting.md](posts/withTOCs/websiteHosting.md)

[windows_dockerAndXming.md](posts/withTOCs/windows_dockerAndXming.md)

[windows_wsl2.md](posts/withTOCs/windows_wsl2.md)

[workflows.md](posts/withTOCs/workflows.md)

# Get PDFs of all my articles
PDFs of all my articles will soon be on https://gumroad.com, using
"pay what you want" pricing.

# My vision for this site

- create value from everything I do
- expose as much of my work as I can into the public domain
- keep it simple and no fuss 
- make it presentable and shareable
- use basic markdown

# Apps hosted on s3

I have a bunch of other websites that you may find interesting:

Repl.it repls: [Link](https://repl.it/@aaronpkelly)

Dublin Bike travel app: [Link](http://app-bucket-dublin-bike-tinytimetable.s3-website-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/)

Dublin Bus travel app: [Link](http://app-bucket-dublin-bus-tinytimetable.s3-website-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/)

Weather app: [Link](http://app-bucket-weather-dublin-tinyweather.s3-website-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/)

# Contact

email: aaronkelly@fastmail.com

twitter: https://twitter.com/aaronpaulkelly

bandcamp: aaronkelly.bandcamp.com

# Donate
[Paypal](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=DTJST2MAMPYQ8&currency_code=EUR&source=url)

other ways: patreon / stripe / dwolla / flattr / wepay / bitcoin (coming soon)
